hey hey so I am going to show you in
this video exactly what I did to grow my
agency to 900k per month this is what
worked for me it's what's worked for me
in the past as well at this point I've
sold three agencies I have about 450
clients that work with me on a monthly
basis all agencies I have tons of client
wins tons of reviews tons of case
studies and tons of other stuff that
proves that this actually works but
there's a lot of YouTube videos I a lot
of videos on my channel and seeing what
someone actually did and how it works
together and I'm going to go through
every single step of the funnel
including numbers examples metrics
conversion rates all of that kind of
stuff when applicable or when it makes
sense to share and with that being said
I'm going to do it on all on a mural
board and you're going to see that in a
second on the screen and let's just get
started so I'm going to do this without
my camera normally I would have it on
the screen here but I want to keep this
as kind of you know it's hard to see on
a screet a little bit so I want to keep
this as big as humanly possible without
covering anything so this is the example
of the lead generation funnel that I use
to sell my agency and grow it to 900k
per month bits and pieces of this were
what I Ed for my previous two agency
exits and this is the exact funnel I
teach to over 450 people per month and
you can see the results of that on my
website the link is is in the
description if you want to check that
out so this funnel is specifically
designed to solve four problems and
these four problems are going to be the
four main problems that really any
business that sells services and deals
with leads will face doesn't really
matter what industry doesn't really
necessarily mean they're an agency
although this is designed for agencies
you know it could be a lot of different
things so the four problems are one not
enough traffic know you just need more
people to know about you if not enough
people know about you they can't buy it
from you it's kind of simple enough to
understand number two is you're not
capturing enough leads very intertwined
with problem number one but not exactly
the same where you need to drive traffic
and get the right attention you know
driving traffic if you were trying to
get leads for your email marketing
agency but and you said something crazy
that got you on the news that was
completely unrelated to email marketing
like that's obviously not helpful
attention but assume you're getting the
right attention you need to capture and
qualify it properly it's very very
important the third problem is that all
of the clients come from referrals or
the network or something of that nature
referrals and network that's very good
on its own that's a great sign that
you're getting out there and you're also
doing a great job because if you weren't
doing a great job you wouldn't get
referrals but at the same time it's not
good to only have referrals for the fact
that they're simply out of your your
control you can't just scale your
business based on referrals because
you're relying on someone else to
basically get you clients and we can't
really have that or we don't want to
have that at least a lot of people do
and the fourth problem is you have
nothing to offer unqualified leads so no
matter what we do and I'm going to get
into this in a
minute 99% of people who see our paid
ads who see our content who see our
Outreach who see our Partnerships
they're just not going to be qualified
to buy our main recurring service and
the main recurring service is down here
let me change this to red and there's
nothing that you or I or anyone else is
going to do to change that it's kind of
like gravity it's just how it is and
this could be because they can't afford
it because it's not a good fit because
they do it themselves because they
already have someone doing it for them
because you just don't get along now is
not the right time maybe they just don't
need your service whatever may be so we
don't solve this problem directly
because that would be like trying to
solve the problem of gravity we have to
solve it indirectly so with gravity you
would have an airplane or something like
that right and this you would solve it
by having different offers you want to
have something for everyone something
for every price point every level of the
market so I'm going to go through this
one at a time here and a lot of people
at the very start will have their
recurring service and obviously if
you're in business you have a recurring
service and maybe even a one-time
service but we'll get to that in a sec
the recurring service is the service
you're selling all along but it's not
very good if you're running ads for
example or you're posting content or
doing Outreach and 99 out of every
hundred people who you reach just can't
buy your product right and that's what
happens if you only have a recurring
service so what I tell people to do and
what I did and I'll get to that later in
the video when I go through step by step
here but this context is important what
I did is I had a one-time service
because my recurring service was very
expensive and it's hard to get someone
to buy that to be honest but it's if you
have a onetime service it's kind of like
a nice get your foot in the door
stepping stone to your full service so
maybe they're not comfortable buying
your main service cuz it's too expensive
and they just don't trust you you can
get a one-time offer that lets them try
you out essentially at lower risk and a
lower commitment very good part of the
funnel similar to that if they're
unqualified you want to have a few
different options you want to have a
digital product that you could sell to
them for under $100 realistically you
want to stuff your funnel with affiliate
links for tools that they would buy any
anyways and if they buy them and you
know you're going to start building up
affiliate mrr you also want to have
referral Partnerships with agencies who
are smaller than you so if a client's
just too small from you refer them away
and get a partnership or get a referral
fee if they're too big for you which
does happen sometimes same thing you
want a referral partnership with a
bigger agency this is also very good to
have referral Partnerships with
basically people who sell the same you
know function as you but with a
different
mechanism so let's say you did YouTube
for businesses to get them leads you
partner with a payad Agency for that or
a ghost writing agency or cold email
agency something like that and then
there's always going to be a percentage
of the market who wants to do it they
just want to learn to do it themselves
and you're if you don't have a course
and a program you're just never going to
capture that Target Market it's just
never going to buy from you it's 10 to
15% of pretty much every Market it's
very very important because not only is
that 10 to 15% of every Market that you
would not be able to capture
but a lot of the time if you get on a
sales call and it's a great fit and they
want it but they just can't afford it
and it just doesn't make sense you can
sell them your course or program too so
there's multiple different ways you can
sell that to the unqualified as well as
the qualified if it sounds like a bigger
a better fit so that context I think is
very important for the
entire you know what I'm going to say
here and what I'm going to say with I
did what I want to do here is try to get
these numbers off and then I'm going to
go into what I did so basically I think
I don't know I'm just I'm going to make
another thing down here just in case and
we'll go over what I did and maybe I can
substitute some of the text in for that
we'll see we'll see how it goes so let's
start at the top because there's top of
the funnel here we have our paid ads our
content our Outreach and our
Partnerships those solve problem number
one of not enough people knowing who we
are those lead further down the funnel
we'll just draw from here for now to
lead magnets which solve problem number
two they capture the leads lead magnets
are usually some sort of free value that
you go to a page fill out a form and you
get it in the email once they've
submitted that form they're going to be
redirected to your thank you page which
will show them your offer or get them
some more information they'll also be
added to your email flows right this is
what we're going to use to nurture
people and furthermore like further down
the funnel we could promote the our
webinar or vsl a live Workshop have a
Weekly Newsletter invite them to our
community our appointment set will
probably reach out to them they'll see
more of our content and we'll be able to
collect more of their contact
information and enrich our data over
time and then there's going to be a lot
of them self- qualifying too right if
they consume all of our content they are
our email flows and our Community
newsletter they've watched over vsl and
say okay this is for them they're going
to self- qualify so problem number one
at the top is these four methods paid
ads content Outreach and Partnerships
you want to have all of them because
each make the other ones more effective
so for example two scenarios one you're
just cold emailing someone or two you're
cold emailing someone who's seen your
paid ads and has follows you and watches
all of your content or reads all your
content who is more likely to get a
response in the cold email of course
it's an area number two and there's many
combinations of that of how these work
together so that would be solving
problem number one solving problem
number two would be driving them to the
lead magnets with the thank you page and
the email flows problem number three of
all of your clients come from referrals
if you're solving problem number one and
problem number two you are solving
problem number three as a byproduct
which is very nice if you're driving
traffic and capturing leads
all your clients are coming from
referrals anymore just it's just no
longer true right and then of course
problem number four is having all of
these different offers so for context my
agency that went to 900k per month was a
landing page and conversion
optimization Agency for specifically
e-commerce stores and it's going to be
90 plus% Shopify at the end you know I
kind of took woocommerce and Magento
people too but realistically we'll just
call it a cro Agency for
Shopify so I think it would probably be
best to start at the bottom with the
offers and then we can go from the top
because similar we have to build the
foundation of the house before we put on
the frame the walls the roof that kind
of stuff so let's kind of go here and
I'm going to do what I did I'm going to
basically take
the text out of here and then I'll tell
you what I did and you can see if this
is a good idea or not you can decide for
yourself so my onetime service was
landing pages and my recurring service
was C like we'll go ongoing cro so if
you don't know what c is conversion rate
optimization that basically means you
make two versions of the same page so if
we're on a ecover store will make two
versions of their homepage for example
and then we'll use a tool or a software
to split the traffic 50/50 and then we
can see based on the numbers which one
has a better conversion rate and if the
page that we make is better then that's
what the whole service is about so for
context if let's just use round numbers
because we did pretty big clients if a
client is doing $1 million per month and
we're able to increase their conversion
rate
by let's say 5% that month that is worth
another $50,000 per month to them and
not only that month but that change is
permanent so if you kind of I don't know
what the word apply that or not prate
but we'll just I don't know the word but
if you do that over the course of a year
right like that's 50,000 in January
February March April so it's actually
worth 600,000 in extra Revenue that
wouldn't exist and that's basically the
gist of the
service so my conversion rate
optimization Services started at 8,000
when I first basically started the
agency and then I kind of pushed and
like kind of how would you say increased
the price to see what I could accomplish
and let's go 8K 8 to
15K so I raised prices over time but
everybody was in8 to $15,000 per month
and a lot of were locked in for a
six-month commitment I eventually
dropped that but I had one at the start
and like I said earlier the
video can be even if everything else
I've talked about in this video or what
I'm going to talk about is perfect it is
still challenging let's say to get
people to pay you 8 to 15K per month
with a six-month commitment it's not
always easy so what I did is I had a
landing page Service attached to it and
I charge 2.5k for one landing page or
three for 5,000 so let's
just do
that and basically the purpose of the
landing page is kind of like a mini
version of the C but we make a landing
page specifically for their ad traffic
and that will be very important to
remember as the video goes on but I'll
bring it up again so they run their ads
to it you know they are doing that to
some sort of product page beforehand or
some sort of landing page beforehand
it's very easy to just say you know I'll
make a new page 2500 bucks we'll test it
if it doesn't work or if it doesn't beat
your original I'll give you a refund
type thing and that's exactly what I did
so the average between these two because
you could do 2500 for one or three for
5,000 and I didn't do this until like
five months into my agency I didn't even
offer this but we'll just pretend that
this is the whole time here it was an
average of 3.3 K
$3,300 is like when you average it out
between like who took 2.5k or who took
5K the average was right around 3.3k so
more people took the one for $2,500 but
it's like 6040 type
thing so when we go to the referral
Partnerships what I did and this is
pretty good for me is like it's pretty
obvious when you have an e-commerce
agency like who need it what do they
need they need Facebook ads we'll go
Google ads email
SEO who else did I have like influencers
and I'm just going
to not put the whole thing in there just
for like spatial stuff but Facebook ads
Google ads email marketing SEO
influencer marketing you know all of
that kind of stuff like that is who I
had those referral Partnerships with
because they come in like it's in my
best interest finan and you know to make
my actual landing pages in seral work if
they have great Facebook ads and Google
ads and email flows and that kind of
stuff my course was
top top eight things to
convert at 4% so it was the top eight
things you need to build a landing page
that converts at 4% I sold this for
997 hopefully you can read that I can't
read my own writing sometimes and it was
a good
thing for people who really couldn't
afford either of these because if you
can't afford a landing page you sure
can't afford the cro and I feel like
this was a I made a conscious decision
to do it about landing pages here
because how would I put that it's just a
much larger addressable market and you
know that is my intro offer anyways
whereas like to even do cro you have to
have a pretty big
store um it's not like something you
would do as a beginner just cuz think
about it in terms of statistical
significance you know if you flip a coin
there's 50/50 odds but you know you got
to do it 100 or a thousand times to
really hit that 50/50 odds
because really you could flip and they
could land on heads 10 times in a row
even though it's 50/50 odds so it's
about sample size right and if you don't
have a store that's going to get us like
with enough traffic to get that sample
size it's not really about Revenue it's
about your web traffic for zero and I
know those are definitely going to
be very related your revenue and your
traffic but unless you have a certain
amount of traffic per month it doesn't
really make sense to do zero and so
that's why I made it to do on landing
pages because more people could benefit
from it and that's kind of a long-winded
explanation of why instead of just you
know but whatever for this I did
basically what I did here was I
basically did everything in the course
but also offered them feedback and I had
a few different price points for this so
I had one that was 14.97 per month that
did not really work out for me that well
so then I changed this to $4,000 for 3
months and that worked a lot better
something that was interesting about the
program program that I didn't really
expect cuz based on what I've told you
so far like you probably and what I did
was I imagined that uh this would mostly
be for unqualified people who want to
learn and like that's traditionally
who's going to buy this so I made it
with that in mind but to my
surprise like 90 plus per of people who
bought this program was basically like
big e-commerce companies who
how would you say they had an in-house
team already for all of this stuff and
it wouldn't like they just can justify
hiring an agency because they have all
these employees but the CEO or whoever's
in charge of that kind of stuff just
wanted a second opinion like they just
wanted me to look at it and that's
really who bought this program a lot so
in terms of total numbers I'm going to
go my numbers at the peak because that's
just more impressive at the very Peak I
had 4 4 of these clients so we're going
to just put 44 at the very Peak I was
doing over 200 landing pages per month
we're going to
go hopefully that says a month there at
the very Peak I was getting
63k like recurring in referral fees
because it's like you know okay this is
worth $1,000 per month you know as long
as they do that's like a common referral
fees hey Matt I'm going to give you 1K
per month month or 10% or 20% per month
as long as they're a client so the very
peak of course it goes up and down and
nothing in business is you know mrr in
my opinion but that was at the peak my
cor said my program didn't sell too much
the highest month I ever had with this
was
14k and then my highest month I ever had
or it's got not really monthly but the
most sales I had in one month with this
was
26k must have had a discount that month
because
26k doesn't really go into 4K very well
but that is what I was doing for these
kind of bigger offers for my affiliate
ones I had three main ones so we're
going to do WF stands for webflow which
is a webflow builder I also had we're
going to go it was called
jasper. it was called jarvis. a at the
time but they changed it to Jasper what
I did
was I thought to myself
I'm goingon to
do this would make a lot more sense if I
did this first so for my digital product
I did and you'll see why I did 100
webflow templates for
$97 so basically what I did was I made
pre-made landing page templates that you
know tons of different designs and they
could buy 100 of them for 97 and tons
and tons of people bought
these over the course of it I sold
14,000 500 units of this which is quite
a bit of money and I'll get into that
after but templates all of that kind of
stuff is a pretty good thing to sell as
a digital product and I sold most of
those from ads which I will go to
later now back to this for my affiliate
links they had a webflow affiliate link
and if they bought these templates and
didn't have webflow they would usually
sign up for this Jasper AI was a AI
copyrighting tool this kind of dates
chat
gbt where I thought to myself okay if
they buy these templates what else do
they need they need copyrighting prompts
so I had a bunch of copyrighting prompts
that you had to use Jasper AI for them
to work or like they're that's not
necessarily true but I I promoted them
as like these are made with Jasper AI
like these are the you'll get the best
results with that so a lot of people
signed up for that and then I had a
convert.com as my affiliate which is an
AB testing tools so with the landing
pages with the c you need a tool to AB
test and split the traffic and that's
basically what I did and for this one
spoiler alert I had 115k per month mrr
as um like the max I had because think
about this you get let's say with web
flow and Jasper Ai and you know
convert.com I sold over 14,500 of these
plus you know people who didn't buy the
templates but saw the conversion or the
affiliate Link in my lead magnets and
all that kind of stuff and lots of
people don't have a web flow thing and
you need the web flow thing to actually
use the templates right because they're
built in web flow so I believe it's a
minimum of $15 per month for everyone
you sign up and I S signed up several
thousand it was like five to 6,000 and
then I sold up another 500 J for AIS and
about another 500
convert.com
so that revenue is recurring right and
if they are using these templates
they're not cancelling so that adds up
like crazy in addition to all of the
other people who signed up in my content
in my PID ads and my email flows and all
that kind of stuff so 115k per month
pretty much pure profit was my affiliate
link the very
Peak so next we have this middle of the
funnel area here and I usually call
these the conversion
mechanisms so to be honest I'm going to
just put an X over this CU I did not
have that at the time it's called the
unique mechanism not going to go over it
in this video just didn't have one for
my webinar in vssl I had my webinar in
vssl the exact same thing as the course
and it's kind of like a nice um nice
segue because you could pitch the course
at the end you could do all that kind of
stuff and that's what people want to see
for my live workshops I went on once per
week and did live landing page designs
and redesigns and critiques every
Tuesday at 11: a.m. it's kind of very
specific but that's what I did for my
newsletter it was just a general
e-commerce newsletter five times per
week well it was three times first and
then went to five times and this was
very good for when I sold my agency cuz
this is an asset there was over 397,000
people on this newsletter in terms of
active people
397k hopefully you can read that it's
not really readable but it's very very
very good way
to turn leads into clients in my
community I had a Facebook group it was
decent uh there was about 2k people in
it but definitely my a lot of my clients
and stuff FL flowed through my live
workshops and my
newsletter then I had some appointment
centers I went through a lot because I
don't know if I just don't know how to
train them properly or everybody I got
was terrible but I did not have great
success in terms of appointment Setters
but I had maybe
25 different appointment Setters
throughout time working on and off and
to varying degrees of
success so let's change this to Facebook
group
25 let should go 25 appointment Setters
at different times and then my content I
posted a lot on Twitter I posted a lot
on YouTube and Linkedin so it's very
common for someone to come in through
PID ads download your lead magnet get on
your email flows and it's more likely
they see your content because they're
been on your site it's served by the
algorithm more and then spend time with
you in like you know in a certain point
of view with your content and then be
qualified very common thing to do so I
posted what I did here is I posted
unlisted YouTube
videos five times per week and what I
did I don't know if this was smart or
not there's no way of knowing no but
what I did is I like basically said if
you want to see these YouTube videos you
got to be on my newsletter and in my
group and if you're not you can't see it
because they're not public
be interesting to see if that was a good
idea or not I don't think it was
honestly but that's what I was thinking
at the time and we live and we learned
but it really made my unsubscribe rate
on my newsletter very low and it kind of
based on the numbers
cuz and what I'm basing that on in the
numbers is like the Click rates were
just insane on it it was like 10 to 15%
of my YouTube videos and I know I have
YouTube videos in my current newsletter
and it gets like 4% so you can decide if
that's an exact correlation for yourself
but I would have to say so and I think
it is
so yeah we'll just move on from that for
my email flows I had 30 different email
flows and we'll go with 30 FAQs here so
what I did and what I always recommend
people do for their FAQs or their email
is have a 30-day flow one email per day
and brainstorm the top 30 biggest
questions objections FAQs whatever and
write one email per day in order of how
often you get these so if you hear the
same thing on sales calls or comments or
whatever just with your brain you know
put them in order of importance and when
they get on your email list they'll
receive these 30 email flows in 30 days
and they'll be nurtured and all of their
objections will be answered until the
point where there's no more objections
and and then they'll speedrun through
the funnel and end up booking a call so
that's what I did so for landing pages
right you know what are some good ones
will this be on my like Brad voice you
know what are the types of landing pages
what type of Landing pag is best for me
will this work for my Niche is always a
big one will this work in my country
like if they're especially if they're
non American I believe this will work in
America but my country is different type
thing you know how long does it
take what are the most important parts
of a landing page what's the above the
fold and why is it important how can I
improve my sight speed how do I make a
great offer like these are all different
very important FAQs for my Niche at
least right so that is what I did for
there and what I did for the lead
magnets and it's very important that you
have multiple lead
magnets
because lead magnets can be thought of
as a way to overcome objections
automatically at scale so you'd have a
bunch of different documents or
something of that nature I did documents
and what I always say you should do is
break down and what I did is you break
down every part of your service so the
ATF which stands for the above the fold
and that's the area that you can
see
basically when you like if you go to a
website and you just look what shows up
on your phone without scrolling that's
the above the fold and it's very
important that that has certain elements
in it site
speed we have offers we have AB
testing we have analytics CU you'd be
amazed how you'd be amazed how many
people read analytics and come up with
the exact opposite conclusion that it
should be um I had
copywriting I had hero
image what else did I do I buyer
psychology and I had pricing
strategies I believe was called pricing
so I had a lead magnet which was 20 to
30 pages for every single one of these
things and we want to have a bunch of
different lead magnets because a lot of
people will make one but there's a
couple problems with
that if I was just to make a sight speed
lead magnet for example like that is a
good start I guess it's better than
nothing but the first problem with that
is there's always going to be a
percentage of the market that just
doesn't have that problem they either or
don't even doesn't even know that site
speed is important
right so if I just have that lead magnet
I'm not going to capture those leads and
that could be up to like 30% of people
who just don't give a about Sid
speed and that is counterproductive to
getting as many leads as possible Right
but the second and I would say more
important reason that we want to have
um more lead magnets I blanked for a
second there is because these are all
objections right and if any objection or
concern is not addressed that's a reason
not to buy so it doesn't even matter if
I had all of these lead magnets if they
were still unsure about their pricing
that's enough to not buy so it's very
important that you have all of the lead
magets that have anything to do with
your cice think of it as different steps
what are the different steps or problems
or parts of your service and then make a
lead magnet for every single one of
those steps don't be
lazy the final piece is the most
important piece the driving the traffic
so what I did is and how I sold all of
those landing page templates is I was
spending at my very Peak up to 7K per
day on these paid ads and the nice thing
about the digital product type ads is is
it's much more likely or much more
similar to selling an e-commerce product
the cash flow is Instant versus ads that
you know book a call or something where
there's a buying cycle my strategy was
to
basically break even on this or profit
Break Even or profit on this sale and
then basically I generated a lead for
free that it doesn't even matter if they
buy or not after that right and then you
know maybe they go maybe they buy
something down the line maybe they don't
so I got up to 7K per day at this and
definitely not all at once I would never
recommend someone just start spending 7K
on some template ads but that is what I
got to eventually eventually in
transparently it stopped working because
nothing lasts forever and if someone
tries to tell you it lasts forever
they're either stupid or they're lying
to
you and eventually there's just no more
people who are going to buy 100
e-commerce webflow templates So
eventually the CPA was too high and I
was losing money on this so I turned it
off what I did for my content I did not
do Tik Tok what I did for my content is
I wrote five tweets per day on for
Twitter and then cross posted them to
Instagram and Linkedin so I had posts on
basically every platform and then I made
those five YouTube unlisted videos per
week so the best way to think of content
in my opinion is we take these
categories and we just brainstorm the
top 20 FAQs for every category and
that's what I did so above the fold you
know let's just list off some why is the
above the fold important what is the
above the fold you know what size should
my above thefold photo be you know what
should I put for my bullet points how do
I make a headline for that should I edit
something into my hero image like badges
you know how can I reduce the white
space like you could get very specific
very technical with these and if you
just make a spreadsheet of all of these
things like you could get 200 400 FAQs
and have a permanent content strategy
that lasts forever and it's very very
important that you do that because you
need to have content content's so
important and it shows up in every step
of the funnel shows up at the top to
drive traffic shows up in the middle to
nurture traffic shows up at the bottom
to convert traffic with like here and it
also is even after the sale where your
clients keep watching your content they
become more B in and less likely to
churn or give you attitude it's very
very important
stuff I sent 20,000 cold emails per day
with this and if you think that's
or you think that's
I would agree with you on the
part at least I didn't I was
just starting to do cold email I never
did it before and I just bought 480 cold
email domains and sent 40 to 50 per day
per domain
and the problem with that it gets
clients for sure but the problem with
that is he just burned through the
entire Market in like a week now there's
not you're sting 20,000 cold Emil per
day there was about 120k Shopify stores
at the time that fit my criteria that's
like a week so it was stupid
but it was effective at the same time
and when I said before I don't know if
you remember near the start of this
video I eventually like open up the
target audience to woo Commerce and
Magento this is why because I burned
through all of the target audience
pretty fast with Shopify and then I
eventually opened it up a bit more so my
C emails you know we very focused on
booking calls and then I did an hour per
day and I was so consistent on this 60
minutes per day of manual prospecting
where I just went on Twitter or I went
on LinkedIn and connected with with
people and commented and dm'd people and
started to build relationships and I was
so disciplined at that I got a lot of
clients that way but I also got a lot of
like referrals that way because I wasn't
salesy in these I was genuinely trying
to be people's friend and like meet
people a little bit and you know they
would refer you to their Network and
they would say oh if someone needed
landing pages and I is developing these
friendships oh here's Matt so a lot of
people will try to just sell people like
that and I think that's more closely
like a cold DM this is a bit different
prospecting where you just try to make
as many friends as possible 60 minutes
per day and see what you can
accomplish the thing that really turned
it all around not turned it all around
but really made me take off was when I
started sending cold emails to potential
partners and we're going to dominate
these with white label and referral here
I didn't really do any Media or JB
and I did not do any cold DMS
really so someone told me to do
this well they told me to do this about
something they were talking about them
doing it in an affiliate context and I
just said wow I could do that and just
did it the next day this was at uh
affiliate Summit West
2023 in Las Vegas but what I determined
was you you know who needs landing pages
besides my actual clients and I came up
with you know Facebook ad agencies for
sure any Ad Agency but Facebook so I
started I scraped a list from something
called clutch.com as well as up city.com
and a couple other ones of Facebook ad
agencies that serve e-commerce
stores and I made a white label offer of
5K per month for unlimited landing pages
for your clients which is kind of
because it was like six to
eight at most some people did like one
to four
but I had at my very Peak I had 77 white
label Partners paying 5K per month which
if you can do the math is 385k per month
in revenue and I also got a lot of
referral Partnerships this way who
didn't necessarily want landing pages
for their like do want necessarily want
to pay 5K but they would refer and
collect a fee oops not
77k but that's what I did for everything
and if you want some actual like
finishing numbers here about
2.1% of people who bought that landing
page template from me ended up within um
either 90 or 180 days buying a landing
page I can't remember so you think of it
if I sold for if I sold 100 of these per
day that's essentially getting 2.1
clients for me per day in the future of
course there's a sales cycle but you can
if you start adding that to the math on
profitability for this one it really
goes crazy and then in terms of landing
page to ongoing C it was about
88.3% of people would upsell eventually
and that's
just going in stripe and seeing who did
it there's not really sophisticated
measurement system there you know who's
a Sero client you know how many of them
divide it so
88.3% so I don't know if that's good or
not 2.1% and
8.3% think you would need'd have to
understand that for yourself and I think
every business would be different but
this is exactly what I did to get to
900k per month hopefully it was easy to
follow and hopefully it makes sense if
you thought that was valuable you know
like the video subscribe and I'll see
you in the next one